Update config-as-code-reference.md (#1713)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/projects/version-control/config-as-code-reference.md

### Branch Settings

#### Default Branch Name

The _Default Branch Name_ is the branch on which the Octopus configuration will be written. It is also the default branch that will be used in various situations, for example:

- When users view the project's deployment process for the first time in the Octopus UI, this is the initially selected branch 
- When creating releases, this will be the default branch selected
- When running Runbooks, variable values will be pulled from this branch

For existing initialized repositories, the default branch must exist. If the repository is new and uninitialized, Octopus will create the default branch automatically.

#### Initial Commit Branch

> If the default branch is protected in your repository, select the *Is the default branch protected?* checkbox. This will give you the option to use a different _Initial Commit Branch_. If this branch does not existing, Octopus will create the branch automatically. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the default branch is protected in your repository, select the *Is the default branch protected?* checkbox. This will allow you to use a different _Initial Commit Branch_. If this branch does not exist, Octopus will create the branch automatically. 
```
